minutes = [
  {
    "meeting-date": {
      date: "27",
      month: "Jun",
      year: "2020",
    },
    minutes: {
      main: ["Design contact form for SCS students to contact the committee"],
      operational: [
        "Floating scribe position for dean’s meeting",
        "Constitution review and update",
        "Meet with CPDC organizers in this week",
        "First year slack (could be school or department level)",
      ],
      "Tasks for next meeting": [
        "Improving communication flow with the university",
        "Tackle Loneliness: Can be attacked from a class level (enforced groups) ",
      ],
    },
  },
  {
    "meeting-date": {
      date: "20",
      month: "Jun",
      year: "2020",
    },
    minutes: {
      main: [
        "Discussion on the meeting with CMU SPIRIT and Color Stack from Cornell by Daniel and Anant. Here are some topics discussed",
        "Change of culture, increase black and Latin students and professors for diversity",
        "Training for TA’s to eliminate racial bias in grading",
        "Create a chapter of Color Stack at CMU, and get funding for travel and operation",
        "Ask dean for the student diversity ratios",
        {
          "Topics assigned to members (For the meeting with Dean)": [
            "Black lives matter: Daniel",
            "International students: Lijun",
            "Online accommodation: Neil",
            "Constitution: Kiran",
            "Mental health: Romel",
            "TOC (tentative): Kiran",
          ],
        },
      ],
      "Tasks for next meeting": [
        "Website To add Text for organization overview",
        "Organize past meeting minutes with dean to publish",
        "Meeting: resolve Zoom recording issue",
      ],
    },
  },
  {
    "meeting-date": {
      date: "13",
      month: "Jun",
      year: "2020",
    },
    minutes: {
      main: [
        "Updates on topics to talk to dean",
        "Build a public profile (will discuss later)",
        "Black Lives Matter initiative: Connect with CMU SPIRIT.",
        "Update current position holder names from constitution to website.",
      ],
      "Tasks for next meeting": [
        "Discuss the findings of Black Lives Matter initiative",
      ],
    },
  },
  {
    "meeting-date": {
      date: "6",
      month: "Jun",
      year: "2020",
    },
    minutes: {
      main: [
        "Discussed what to talk to the dean about",
        "Members appointed to the organizational roles",
        "Discussed diversity and inclusiveness of the scs students we gather data from and national issues affecting them ",
        "Updated members list",
      ],
      "Tasks for next meeting": ["Think about the two fronts of diversity"],
    },
  },
];
